README.md, before:

# Legal Intelligence
This is a AI assistant NOT for attorneys, paralegals but laypersons like you and me.

## How to run
1. A computer running Windows or MacOS.
2. An administrator account of your computer.
3. A python3 environment.
4. install ollama and refer to [intallation guide](https://github.com/ollama/ollama)
5. To run command "pip install -r requirements.txt" at root folder of this project.
6. coming soon...

## Design Principle
1. to leverage some craw platform to harvest internet. [craw_management](https://github.com/winnerineast/crawlab)
2. to leverage llm-answer-engine to have better craw. [search_craw](https://github.com/winnerineast/llm-answer-engine.git)
3. to vectorize the data by pure coding.[vector](https://github.com/winnerineast/rag-from-scratch)
4. to enhance RAG structure with spRAG. [spRAG](https://github.com/winnerineast/spRAG.git)
5. to have a Q & A UI with LLM to drill insights.[brain](https://github.com/winnerineast/quivr)
5. to have Reor to link various knowledge together. [brain2](https://github.com/winnerineast/reor.git)
6. to act back to internet based on insight derived from above.[agents](https://github.com/winnerineast/crewAI)

## Work Daily
### 2024-05-05
- added llm-answer-engine to have better craw. [search_craw](https://github.com/winnerineast/llm-answer-engine.git)
- added second brain Reor to link various knowledge together. [brain2](https://github.com/winnerineast/reor.git)
- added spRAG to enhance performance of RAG. [spRAG](https://github.com/winnerineast/spRAG.git)
- ran through craw_management project folders and plan to make it slim.

### 2024-05-04
- prepared 4 codebase.
- prepared gemma as my coding pilot.
- next is to make all of 4 to run locally without any environment dependency.
- next of next is to link them together to have a data pipeline.

Commit message:

start to create version1 as new codebase.

README.md, after:

# Legal Intelligence
This is a AI assistant NOT for attorneys, paralegals but laypersons like you and me.

## How to run
1. A computer running Windows or MacOS.
2. An administrator account of your computer.
3. A python3 environment.
4. install ollama and refer to [intallation guide](https://github.com/ollama/ollama)
5. To run command "pip install -r requirements.txt" at root folder of this project.
6. coming soon...

## Design Principle
1. to leverage some craw platform to harvest internet. [craw_management](https://github.com/winnerineast/crawlab)
2. to leverage llm-answer-engine to have better craw. [search_craw](https://github.com/winnerineast/llm-answer-engine.git)
3. to vectorize the data by pure coding.[vector](https://github.com/winnerineast/rag-from-scratch)
4. to enhance RAG structure with spRAG. [spRAG](https://github.com/winnerineast/spRAG.git)
5. to have a Q & A UI with LLM to drill insights.[brain](https://github.com/winnerineast/quivr)
5. to have Reor to link various knowledge together. [brain2](https://github.com/winnerineast/reor.git)
6. to act back to internet based on insight derived from above.[agents](https://github.com/winnerineast/crewAI)

## Work Daily
### 2024-05-07
- [craw_management](https://github.com/winnerineast/crawlab) - backend - start to consolidate source code and simplify the configuration for easy deployment.
- created version1 folder to have a clear and clean code base.

### 2024-05-06
- added dify as workflow engine. [workflow](https://github.com/winnerineast/dify.git)

### 2024-05-05
- added llm-answer-engine to have better craw. [search_craw](https://github.com/winnerineast/llm-answer-engine.git)
- added second brain Reor to link various knowledge together. [brain2](https://github.com/winnerineast/reor.git)
- added spRAG to enhance performance of RAG. [spRAG](https://github.com/winnerineast/spRAG.git)
- ran through craw_management project folders and plan to make it slim.

### 2024-05-04
- prepared 4 codebase.
- prepared gemma as my coding pilot.
- next is to make all of 4 to run locally without any environment dependency.
- next of next is to link them together to have a data pipeline.
